
/workspace/src/pecos/talks/thermal_vortex/review_2013

Your task
will be to develop a plan for a validation and uncertainty
quantification study on you problem. The result will be a report
(about 10 pages) describing your plan. The report should have the
following components:

1) A definition of the problem, what needs to be simulated and the
   purpose of the simulations
2) A complete mathematical specification of the mathematical model
   (i.e. the equations), with documentation of the basis for the
   model, what aspects are reliable theory that need not be questioned
   in the context of this problem, and what aspects are not as
   reliable (i.e. embedded models), and what is known about how these
   aspects of the model could be wrong or inaccurate.
3) Identification of all parameters in the model, the available
   information about these parameters and what is known about their
   uncertainty.
4) Identification of other inputs required for the model (e.g. initial
   conditions, boundary conditions), and what is known about these
   inputs for this problem, and associated uncertainties.
5) A proposal of what (if any) of the parameters/inputs could
   be/should be calibrated, what experimental scenarios could be
   used for this calibration, and whether data is already available,
   or new experiments would be needed. Also describe what, if
   anything, is known about uncertainties in the observational data. 
6) A proposal of how the model could/should be validated, including
   validation of any embedded models, as well as the overall model.
   Identify whether data is already available or whether new
   experiments would be needed. Also describe what, if anything, is
   known about uncertainties in the observational data.
7) An assessment of what further concerns might remain after (5) and
   (6) regarding the applicability of the model for the purpose of the
   calculations.
8) From this plan, select a sufficiently simplified or constrained
   sub-problem, on which to formulate the probabilistic analysis of
   calibration and validation. To the extent possible, symbolically
   define likelihoods, priors, input uncertainties, data
   uncertainties, etc., defining probability models for the relevant
   uncertainties and including things symbolically that you can't
   specify yet.
